Jinja compilation environment (#7504)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/access-dbt-insights.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-insights/insights-explorer.png" width="90%" title="dbt Insights integrated with dbt Explorer" />

### Set Jinja environment

Set the compilation environment to control how Jinja functions are rendered. This feature:
- Supports "typed" environments marked as `Production`, `Staging`, and/or `Development`.
- Enables you to run Semantic Layer queries against staging environments (development environments not supported).
- Still uses the individual user credentials, so users must have appropriate access to query `PROD` and `STG`. 

> 

Author: ```suggestion
- Changing the environment changes context for the Catalog view in Insights, as well as the environment context during the handoff to Catalog and Canvas. For example, switching to `Staging` in Insights and selecting **View in Catalog** will open the `Staging` view in Catalog. 

```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-insights/insights-explorer.png" width="90%" title="dbt Insights integrated with dbt Explorer" />

### Set Jinja environment

Set the compilation environment to control how Jinja functions are rendered. This feature:
- Supports "typed" environments marked as `Production`, `Staging`, and/or `Development`.

> - Enables you to run Semantic Layer queries against staging environments (development environments not supported).

Author: ```suggestion
- Enables you to run <Constant name="semantic_layer" />. queries against staging environments (development environments not supported).
```

- Still uses the individual user credentials, so users must have appropriate access to query `PROD` and `STG`. 

> - Changing the environment changes context for the Catalog view in Insights, as well as the environment context during the handoff to Catalog and Canvas. For example, switching to `Staging` in Insights and selecting **View in Catalog** will open the `Staging` view in Catalog. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Changing the environment changes context for the <Constant name="explorer" /> view in <Constant name="query_page" />, as well as the environment context during the handoff to <Constant name="explorer" /> and <Constant name="visual_editor" />. For example, switching to `Staging` in <Constant name="query_page" /> and selecting **View in Catalog** will open the `Staging` view in <Constant name="explorer" />. 
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-insights/insights-explorer.png" width="90%" title="dbt Insights integrated with dbt Explorer" />

> ### Set Jinja environment

Reviewer: Can we now remove the "Coming soon" later on the page [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/7504/files#diff-8aa0be69121de88daf344ed139a3dcfe214531cb172855a3344b62ab38bde6aaR178)?

Author: Good catch! Removed

> Set the compilation environment for your Jinja to change how table references are rendered. This feature:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the compilation environment to control how Jinja functions are rendered. This feature:
```

- Supports "typed" environments marked as `Production`, `Staging`, and/or `Development`.

> - Enables you to point to staging environments for Semantic Layer queries (development environments not supported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enables you to point to staging environments for Semantic Layer queries (development environments not supported.)
```

> - Enables you to point to staging environments for Semantic Layer queries (development environments not supported)

Author: ```suggestion
- Enables you to point to staging environments for Semantic Layer queries (development environments not supported).
```

> - Enables you to point to staging environments for Semantic Layer queries (development environments not supported).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enables you to run Semantic Layer queries against staging environments (development environments not supported).
```

- Still uses the individual user credentials, so users must have appropriate access to query `PROD` and `STG`. 

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-insights/insights-jinja-environment.png" width="90%" title="Set the environment for your Jinja context" />

Reviewer 2: so sorry, but i think your screenshot got caught before we updated what staging would look like! i can send you another one (or if you have a project that does have staging defined, the pill should be green~

Author: Got it!
